README.md, before:

# Roon's Overwatch Custom Games
Welcome... To my yet another repository. This repository includes some custom contents that I made for the game.

# List of Custom Game codes
### Kanezaka Chill Place before Overwatch 2
* Game code: `ND3D5` (Default), `XK3PA3` (New Overwatch Hero only)

These codes were supposed to be used on Overwatch 2 chill event hosted by Roon, however the maintenence length made it unavailable and this was left unused.
In this gamemode there is following changes:

* The time length is 60:00, which is one hours. The game restarts once it reaches zero.
* You cannot damage other players, you can still use your ability.
* The score does not change even if you've been killed or kill someone with a bug.
* 'New Overwatch Hero only' version locks to heroes affiliated with New Overwatch, and you could only pick one hero at once. Due to player slot limitation Zarya is not included.

### Vs Wacky Heroes
* Game code: `WQNCB`

Wacky Heroes is the gamemode without any workshop scripts being used, and motivated by the Team Fortress 2 community gamemode named 'Vs Saxton Hale'. Team with 11 players (Humans) becomes New Overwatch, while the other team becomes Wacky Hero, which is the main target to kill.

I will think about recreating this project soemday, with new ultimate abilities for some heroes with workshop feature.

### Medieval Mode
* Game code: `7FBK9`

Yep, you will know what this game mode is: This gamemode is inspired from Team Fortress 2's Medieval Mode. It only features following heroes in the roster: Brigitte, Doomfist, Genji, Hanzo, Mercy, Moira, Reinhardt, Sombra, Wrecking Ball, Zenyatta and many things are rebalanced to fit with the Medieval theme. Now you don't have any guns to deal with, all you need to do is fight with your own bare melee weapons.

Actually I was going to include Snap Kick passive for Zenyatta but I couldn't due to lack of workshop experience.

### Overwatch 2 Unranked Competitive
* Season 1 - Pre-Kiriko (Role Queue): 69RZ8 / Pre-Kiriko (Open Queue): P33R1
* Season 1 - Post-Kiriko (Role Queue): Coming Soon / Post-Kiriko (Open Queue): Coming Soon

This works like the Competitive 2.0 for Overwatch 2 but It's Unranked. Tried my best to recreate Competitive in custom games. Will be constantly updated every changes.

# License
Roon's Workshop License 2022

You may freely use, modify, and share with others. But please remember to follow these two rules:
* Do not claim it as your own. Remember to credit the original author of the gamemode.
* For Streamers/Content Creators: If possible, please link the gamemode to this github repository so others can find this easily.

Commit message:

Add Week 3, and Week 4 is coming next week

README.md, after:

# Roon's Overwatch Custom Games
Welcome... To my yet another repository. This repository includes some custom contents that I made for the game.

# List of Custom Game codes
### Kanezaka Chill Place before Overwatch 2
* Game code: `ND3D5` (Default), `XK3PA3` (New Overwatch Hero only)

These codes were supposed to be used on Overwatch 2 chill event hosted by Roon, however the maintenence length made it unavailable and this was left unused.
In this gamemode there is following changes:

* The time length is 60:00, which is one hours. The game restarts once it reaches zero.
* You cannot damage other players, you can still use your ability.
* The score does not change even if you've been killed or kill someone with a bug.
* 'New Overwatch Hero only' version locks to heroes affiliated with New Overwatch, and you could only pick one hero at once. Due to player slot limitation Zarya is not included.

### Vs Wacky Heroes
* Game code: `WQNCB`

Wacky Heroes is the gamemode without any workshop scripts being used, and motivated by the Team Fortress 2 community gamemode named 'Vs Saxton Hale'. Team with 11 players (Humans) becomes New Overwatch, while the other team becomes Wacky Hero, which is the main target to kill.

I will think about recreating this project soemday, with new ultimate abilities for some heroes with workshop feature.

### Medieval Mode
* Game code: `7FBK9`

Yep, you will know what this game mode is: This gamemode is inspired from Team Fortress 2's Medieval Mode. It only features following heroes in the roster: Brigitte, Doomfist, Genji, Hanzo, Mercy, Moira, Reinhardt, Sombra, Wrecking Ball, Zenyatta and many things are rebalanced to fit with the Medieval theme. Now you don't have any guns to deal with, all you need to do is fight with your own bare melee weapons.

Actually I was going to include Snap Kick passive for Zenyatta but I couldn't due to lack of workshop experience.

### Overwatch 2 Unranked Competitive
| Season | Week | Preset Code | Additional Note |
| ------ | ---- | ----------- | --------------- |
| Season 1 | Week 1 | 69RZ8 (Role Lock)<br />P33R1 (No Role Lock) | **Competitive 2.0, Esperança introduced**<br />Kiriko is banned until Week 3 |
| Season 1 | Week 3 | P243Q (Role Lock)<br />1PJ4Z (No Role Lock) | **Kiriko enabled**<br />Torbjörn and Bastion is disabled |
| Season 1 | Week 4 | Coming Soon | Torbjörn and Bastion is now enabled again |

This works like the Competitive 2.0 for Overwatch 2 but It's Unranked. Tried my best to recreate Competitive in custom games. Will be constantly updated when changes were made.

# License
Roon's Workshop License 2022

You may freely use, modify, and share with others. But please remember to follow these two rules:
* Do not claim it as your own. Remember to credit the original author of the gamemode.
* For Streamers/Content Creators: If possible, please link the gamemode to this github repository so others can find this easily.
